fix: parse `select` correctly when it contains HTML element (#1070)
withastro/compiler: .changeset/large-mangos-look.md

---
"@astrojs/compiler": patch
---

> fix: correctly parse select elements containing HTML, preventing elements from being incorrectly nested

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes a bug where the compiler couldn't correctly parse `select` elements, preventing elements from being incorrectly nested
```
